Initial docs for EIP-6963 support (#989)
MetaMask/metamask-docs: wallet/concepts/apis.md

Reviewer: Line 26 & 27, sentence is a little lengthy. May want to break up into separate sentences.

request users' Ethereum accounts, read data from blockchains the user is connected to, suggest
that the user sign messages and transactions, and more.

:::note
MetaMask supports [EIP-6963](https://eips.ethereum.org/EIPS/eip-6963), which introduces an

> alternative discovery mechanism to the `window.ethereum` injected provider, enabling dapps to

Reviewer 2: i think we should mention somewhere that this is the new and preferred pattern for provider discovery

Reviewer 2: and/or emphasize that `window.ethereum` injection is deprecated (but in reality, we won't be removing this for years if ever)

> support [wallet interoperability](wallet-interoperabilty.md) and discover multiple injected wallet
> providers in a user's browser.

Reviewer 2: enable wallet interoperability by ?
```suggestion
support [wallet interoperability](wallet-interoperabilty.md) by enabling the discovery of multiple injected wallet
providers in a user's browser.
```

idk, reads a little oddly to me. feel free to ignore
